# !!!DEPRECATED!!!

**PROJECT IS DEPRECATED IN FAVOR OF [BOILEX](https://github.com/tim2CF/boilex)**

# Law

**Law** is generator of ultra-safe Elixir projects. **Law** is completely based on standard `mix new` task and it's just another way to create new Elixir project.

# Installation

```
git clone https://github.com/timCF/law.git
cd ./law
mix compile && mix archive.build && mix archive.install
```

# Usage
## mix law.new
Command `mix law.new` generates new Elixir project. Compatible with all standard `mix new` task options, arguments and flags. Benefits:
- `Credo` static code analysis tool will make your code pretty and consistent. Can be configured with `.credo.exs` file.
- `Coveralls` tool will help you to check test coverage for each module of new project. Can be configured with `coveralls.json` file(s). Note: in umbrella project files to ignore should be configured inside each application.
- `Dialyzer` is static analysis tool for BEAM bytecode. Most useful feature of this tool is perfect type inference what will work in your project from-the-box without writing any explicit function specs or any other overhead. Can be configured with `.dialyzer_ignore` file.
- `Xref` built-in (in modern elixir compilers) cross-reference tool. Your code will be checked for calls of undefined functions.
- Auto-generated git `pre-commit` hook will not let you make commits before all issues generated by compiler and static analysis tools will be fixed and all tests will pass. Can be configured with `pre-commit` file.

## pre-commit
Auto-generated bash script. This script will compile project and execute all possible checks.
